all right lastday we're going to talk
about how to take an agency or B2B
business from 5K to 15K a month to 30k a
month as fast as possible is without
spending tens of thousands of dollars on
ads hiring outside agencies wasting time
and stuff that isn't working
specifically right now if you don't know
who who I am my name is Daniel Fazio
here's a quick screenshot of us
collecting $688,000 in a 30-day time
frame now this is this whole training
video it's going to it's going to flow
charts we're going to have graphs and
Google Sheets and we're going to show
you the financial models of what exactly
you need to be doing because it's it's
the same reasons why everyone who's
stuck between 5K 15K a month any kind of
B2B offer you're selling to other
companies that kind of like an agency
it's normally the same reasons why no
one's able to grow the grow them I've
worked with over a thousand people at
this point and I absolutely promise you
it's the same thing over and over again
and what we're going to be going over is
specifically this flowchart so um main
problems you want to get clients but you
can't afford to hire Leen guys that that
actually get results because they're
super expensive you can't afford ads yet
because 5 to 15K a month there not
enough cash flow and you don't even how
to do the ads it's just too much it's
not possible for you at the moment
because you're not making enough money
right your offer probably isn't
attractive to the market nobody's buying
it you don't know how to position your
offer you don't know how to do Outreach
correctly to make it work at a low cost
you don't know what content to make that
attracts clients you appear do content
but you don't know what content to make
you have no sales processes so you don't
close anyone you're not good at sales
calls you have no fulfillment processes
so when you do sign a client it's a mess
and they get no results you probably
have bad profit margins or you don't
even know what your margins are and
these are all very typical problems so
what we're going to walk through real
quick is this this this's a this's a
bird's eyee flowchart and we're going to
go deep into each one of these so you
need to optimize your offer for cold
traffic obvious turn it into a vssl and
then put that vssl on a landing page and
design a landing page right so these
These are these are the base
requirements and then what you're doing
is sending cold email traffic dream 100
traffic Evergreen YouTube content
traffic LinkedIn organic traffic and
Twitter gantic traffic through to this
system that throughputs like this your
sales section and your fulfillment
section so all of this needs to be built
out every singular thing here needs to
be built out to actually scale this
company and get to 30k a month as fast
as possible and you probably wonder why
am I saying specifically 30k a month
because 30k a month is where you need to
start doing ads you start using paid
traffic but when you're below 30k a
month you don't have enough free cash FL
or enough free profit to one be able to
emotionally handle the risk of spending
a bunch of money on ads and two even
even even have the money to do it in the
first place for for a sufficient budget
for a B2B offer right so what I want to
do real quick is walk you through these
numbers right here because this is
extremely integral for you to understand
if you if you don't get this right that
nothing will ever work so this is a CAC
to LTV ratio analysis so let me just
walk you through this and what is going
on here this is a simulation based on
ads spend in the throughput of how much
money you make now you're probably
wondering like hey what if I'm not
running ads
so one thing you need to understand is
that even if you're doing manual
Outreach or automated code email there's
still a spend it's still technically ad
spend if you're doing manual Outreach
you just take whatever your time the the
the value of your time put a dollar
amount and you're still spending when
you spend an hour it's still spend right
so it's still add spend even with cold
email so cold email is automated cold
email that's a mixture of actual hard
infrastructure cost like it it costs
money in Leeds in in domains in in
inboxes and cold email it still costs
money and hours at the same time so you
just put it together and you still have
a spend so this applies to literally
every single person on the entire planet
because you always have to spend either
time or money to acquire a client
therefore there is still spend but for
Simplicity sake I'm just putting ad
spend right I you could just put it as
spend so let's make an assumption here
because this is is what normally happens
with a lot of people so this is very
important to understand let's say that
you're spending 30 Grand in a mixture of
time or money right and you're getting a
cost per qualified call of $300 right so
that what that would equate to if you
had a 15% close rate is 15 closes for a
cost to acquire a customer of $2,000
right let's say you're charging $3,000
per month you have a 70% gross profit
margin your churn is 20% so you keep
your clients for about 5 months that
would mean you have a lifetime gross
profit on a customer of
$10,500 so you'd have a lifetime gross
profit to CAC ratio of 5.25 now you
might think that's good oh I spent
$2,000 to make
$10,500 $30,000 to spend realizes
127,000 of profit over o over over five
months okay so that's actually
completely wrong that is not even
remotely close to what you need to be at
to scale this company this this this
spread between these two numbers is too
low it needs to be a minimum of 10 so
but these are kind of the numbers that
everyone gets so they're they're they're
they're closing like 15% of their calls
that they're getting and then the reason
why and the theme of what I'm going to
be talking about here with all these
other graphs because I have this one too
and we're going to be walk walking
through a lot of stuff here this needs
to be a 10 and the only way that this
will ever get to 10 is if you stop
selling to poor people you can't sell to
poor people so let me tell you what
happens with most people you guys are
getting on calls with these clients
you're one you're positioning your offer
to be attractive to poor people in the
first place so you're getting a bunch of
poor people to get on the calls and then
what you're doing is you're not even
asking these clients of yours how much
money they make you're just getting on
here and you're trying to sell yourself
oh I got to sell myself to the client
you're doing absolutely no Discovery
because you're scared to ask what their
revenue is you're you you think it's
rude to do so or like maybe the client
says oh we're not comfortable sharing
that and you just take that at face
value because oh this guy is wearing a
button down and he has a nice looking
website therefore he must be making
money now here's the reality of the
situation most of the time all of these
people you're getting on calls with are
completely [__] broke they have
absolutely zero money at all zero money
at all so here's what happens when you
start asking people how much money they
make and you reject them you need to
reject the poor people and only sell to
rich people here's what happens when you
only sell it to rich people first this
this cost per qualified call this will
go up so this will go to like let's say
450 and now you're like wow that went
down but here's what actually happens
this close
rate goes up and sometimes actually at
list kit we got it up to 30%
now here's what also happens when you
sell to rich people this will also go up
a little bit so now it's now let's say
it goes up 10% so there you go and then
this drastically goes down so that goes
to 10% now oh look what happened you
tripled your
LTG to CAC so now 30k of spend realizes
you
$432,000 of gross profit
this is what happens you have triple
amplifications of all this stuff and
there's a there's a metric here that
isn't even being shown it's the show up
rate on the calls when you only target
rich people and you position your stuff
for rich people they actually show up
because when you're selling to poor
people they don't even use a calendar or
they're just dumb they they take no
responsibility over absolutely anything
at all in their life they they only show
like you're have like a 50% noow rate
it's horrible rich people they're
showing up at 70 80% sometimes 90% this
is what happens and this is an integral
thing to understand and I'm going to I'm
going to make myself a little bigger
here so just so you can look at me me
let me do this even bigger so you can
look me in the eyes when I tell you this
let me ask you something if you're
trying to sell like a $3,000 per month
service to a business I want you to
imagine that this is the equivalent of
trying to sell like a $1.5 million $2
million mansion right imagine you a real
estate agent and you get a bunch of
people who are hey can I come see the
house hey can I come see the house hey
can I come see the house like I want I I
want to tour the house all right you
know what happens when a real estate
agent is selling a multi-million dollar
home or they're selling a multi-million
dollar commercial property hey want to
come see
that proof of funds show proof of funds
I'm not going to get you're not going to
get up off your ass and go get this this
random straggler and drive across the
city get the keys walk them through the
house and do this multiple times for
people who don't even have money because
now what you're saying is Daniel but if
I if I just cancel the calls with all
the poor people like sometimes they do
buy stuff and like sometimes I can
actually get them to close because like
I can I get like I'm getting really good
at sales and I can close these people so
here's what actually
happens even if if the poor person
somehow does have the money and you sign
them as a client they are every single
amount of headache you get forever and
always for absolutely everything so I
want you to imagine you have five
clients and if you've signed many
clients you know exactly what I'm
talking about you have this one client
who gets dog [__] results and they're
complaining they're asking for a refund
they're messaging you this this this
this this this it's because they're poor
it's because they're poor they have no
money they absolutely need this to work
this is what happens right and now when
and obviously you're probably not a
psychopath so you don't want people to
get really bad results you're like I
like I want to sign a client and I want
it to be easy to get results it should
be easy to get results like you
shouldn't be signing clients and have it
be like the most like strenuous activity
you've ever done in your life to just
get them results and they're complaining
and they're asking for a refund and and
now when they're asking for a refund and
not getting results you're thinking in
your head wow I'm really not good at
what I do I'm not good at all I suck at
this I should just quit I should switch
my offer so now what's happening is this
poor person is infesting the entire
operation of your company and your
psyche and your emotional stability and
your entire life because you went this
one [__] poor person in as a client
and they're literally ruining your life
this is what's happening
so not only do the poor people ruin your
your close percent they ruin your
average revenue per customer they ruin
your gross profit margin they ruin your
show up rate they ruin your churn they
ruin how you feel about yourself
internally they ruin the overall
enjoyment of your life you have to stop
selling to poor people this is so
integral and I'm talking like you get
like you need to ask people how much
like if you have a calendly or I like
type forms like how much money do you
make how much money do you make if you
don't make enough money we are not
working with you because you will be a
virus you will [__] absolutely
everything up in the system and this is
the number one thing that absolutely
screws
everybody absolutely everybody gets
screwed by this and you can't let this
happen to you it's so bad and you need
to just buckle down and say I am not
selling to poor people and you only sell
to rich people it is so massively
integrally important to the to to the
success of the Enterprise to the success
of your life like it's it's so it's
difficult to describe how actually
important this is right so
now what we need to do is financially
model everything and I'm going to be
walking you through these flowcharts so
to show you the processes of everything
of all I'm going to show you the process
of cold email dream 100 Evergreen
YouTube content LinkedIn organic Twitter
organic under the assumption that you
now understand that you cannot work with
poor people right so only if you have
committed to me right now that you will
not work with poor people will any of
this work for you ever at all this is so
so so important all right so let's start
with this so let's look at automated
cold email Outreach how does this what
is the this is the first mechanism this
is the first of of the five we're
talking about here right so how does
this work so you have an admin panel you
have a bunch of domains you have two two
inboxes under each domain you get your
leads you push them into your sending
automation platform that all the inboxes
are connected to and then you have all
these different kinds of strategies you
have a risk reduction offer that means
like a like a low to get intro offer you
have a direct offer so like straight to
your main service you have a loom video
strategy that's kind of like a Content
based thing like a value based thing and
then you have a case study strategy like
talking giving people like a case study
you can also throw free deliver buling
in here but I'm going to put that for a
different section you get your responses
you have an inbox manager you use all
automated subsequences leads to meetings
paying client right so now what's it's
important to understand that I'm going
to show you in this other Google sheet
here and in just a minute is the
variables here that determine success
are the offer strength the speed of the
response your followup follow-up
activity and frequency your
deliverability and your
script this system only works if all of
these are concurrently optimized to
complete
strength if one of these is [__] up
the whole system goes down remember I
was telling you before like selling
selling selling telling to rich people
like if that's [__] up the whole
system goes down every single variable
in the system needs to concurrently be
completely optimized and if just one of
these is [__] up the whole thing [__]
up it's it's an assembly line it's it's
it's like a Manu you're you're literally
running like a manufacturing facility
like every single thing needs to be
working you see what I mean and now a
question you might have is well which
one of these should I do should I do a
risk reduction offer direct offer loom
video strategy case study what should I
do and the answer is that it's a math
question that's literally all it is it's
a math question because if I want if I
went over here and I showed you
this all you do is you model this out if
I'm doing this strategy what's my
response rate what's my positive
response rate what's my call booking
right what's my close rate and then you
get the financial model because there
there's so many instances and and and
like a lot of people are guilty of this
and you might be too and it's completely
okay like maybe you just didn't know
better but a lot of people a lot of
people say like what should I do this
should I try this should I try this like
how do you feel about this and it's not
how I feel about something it's what is
the
math like you're asking a math question
this is not a how do I feel about this
question it's a math question you see
what I mean so so many problems in your
business can be solved if you just have
the numbers and this is a theme to the
success of your Enterprise you will
never ever ever make anything work at
all if you do not have the numbers it is
so massively integrally important that
it's it's it's difficult to accurately
describe fully it only works if you
track the numbers all right so let's
keep going so dream 100 what is dream
100 dream 100 is a really good strategy
it's when you spe when you specifically
identify a small amount of people you
manually Outreach to them right it
manual there very important it's manual
because you can do a turbo personalized
[__] right so now a lot of you people a
lot of people probably know what this is
it was originally coined by Russell
Bronson
so I'm putting here I'm very I'm using a
very specific wording here very specific
syntax identify topof Market leads
because what people like to do is let's
say you're doing it on Twitter or
LinkedIn or something like that and
you're you're doing this direct Outreach
to these these like little guys because
you're like wow the big guys will
they'll never they'll never work with me
because I'm just I'm I'm just this guy
over here now again you're violating the
first rule of what we talked about that
we we just talked about 10 minutes ago
you're violating the rule of only
selling to rich people you're selling to
poor people therefore if you're selling
to poor people this whole thing [__] up
the numbers [__] up everything
absolutely [__] up if you're not doing
it to top of Market leads it has to be
the rich people only when you do it to
the rich people does this work right so
this is this is super simple like you
you just add these people to a Google
sheet or a trailer sheet and then this
is typically what we like to do is a
free deliverable or a risk reduction
offer or a free audit so a risk
reduction offer is like a you could do
like a $1,000 onetime service a $2,000
onetime service I like the free
deliverable strategy we have this 1K
study his name is aan uh he started at
2K a month he got to $93,500 per month
by scripting and editing one free
YouTube video for top of Market leads
that's all he did all the way up to
$93,000 per month just doing that and
I'm going to we're going to do a
financial model of that and show you the
numbers of it too then you just follow
up P Foria if like you get give them the
free deliverable you don't get a
response you get a response whatever
follow off 48 Hours 72 hours 7 Days 14
days 30 days and 30 days forever then
leads to a sales call and then you sell
them your stuff right
so um now I want to talk about Evergreen
YouTube content and you need you need to
stick around because what we're gonna
we're GNA be we're going to be modeling
this [__] out and I'm going to show you
some some some crazy [__] so now again
target market well you you you you're
going to intercept the section of the
market who are thinking about doing
themselves right so let's say you're an
ad agency or you're an an e-commerce
email marketing agency or you're a cold
email Legion agency or or Legion agency
of any kind right you're your SEO you're
doing whatever it doesn't matter right
you want to rank on the service terms
for what they are looking for right so
we have a target market and then this is
the kind of stuff they're doing on
YouTube there's intent-based keyword so
like how to do e-commerce email
marketing then you have a set of
competitors you have someone else who
does e-commerce email marketing and then
you go through their videos and you see
which of their videos is an outlier and
then you make your same version of that
video right and then you have ranking
video replication where if you type
something into the search bar like like
an intent based keyword and you type
something into the search bar what is
ranking at the top what did they title
it what are they talking about in the
video and then you replicate that you
make your own version of it so when you
do post your video and these can be
simple screen share videos you like just
I'm in a loom right now you can just do
a loom just like me right because these
These are these are business people
right you're not an entertainment
YouTube channel you don't need to do the
crazy thumbnail face like I don't even
do thumbnails for my YouTube videos you
SEO title it SEO description and SEO
tags right it's super simple to do this
all you do is just repeat what the
keywords are in all of this that's it
and then it starts to rank if you have a
good video that people actually watch
and you give value in it and you did
this this and this it ranks it just does
right so now your CTA is in the video or
to download a lead Magnet or you send
them to a direct offer you're getting
their emails and phone numbers so your
email you're putting them through email
sequence and a text sequence which leads
to a sales call you see what I mean and
this is so simple and now what I want to
do is financially model this out so what
we have here I need to move this um is
we have automated cold email we have
free Work Direct DMS and then we have
Evergreen YouTube content so we're going
to model this out and this is so so
important for you to understand because
I want to I want to blow your mind with
this so let's assume we're sending 500
this is automated cold email 500 cold
emails per day and there's 28 sending
days in a month right so these this is
how this works out on a cost basis like
this is what you would be spending and
let's assume we have a 3% response rate
a 20% positive response rate and then
20% of the positive respones turned into
a book call and then you close 20% of
those calls right so now what this would
mean if you're sending 500 per day you
would book six calls you would have a
cost per call of $89 and then 500 call
emails per day you would end up Closing
one person your cost to acquire somebody
would be
$443 that's how it would work right now
if we take that CAC LTV ratio stuff over
here so we're at 3,000 our average gross
profit margin is 70% Your Average
customer stays for five months so what
this would mean is that your LT GP to
CAC is 24 but what's really important to
understand here is this cash flow
modeling what happens over 20 weeks so
let me help you visualize this real
quick because you have a a two week
email warm-up cycle and then you have a
four-week sales cycle so these calls
that you're booking don't close for four
weeks so what does that mean what that
actually means is week one minus
$593 because that's what you had to pay
to start this up week two nothing week
three nothing week four nothing week
five minus 473 because now you have the
renewal for all the inboxes and the
sending tool and the leads you see what
I mean so you're
down over $1,000 at this point and now
here's what actually happens is most
people they're on week three and they're
saying this doesn't work I'm done with
this this doesn't work at all and then
you stop and you [__] the whole system
up because you stopped you stop doing it
because you don't understand that
there's a time delay in everything good
in life
so now week six finally six weeks later
like let me visualize that to you you're
spending money you're spending time
you're hopping on calls with people
you're in your inbox replying to leads
maybe like making some Loom videos and
[__] like you're
working work for six week that's over a
month imagine six weeks you're spending
money spending time and you don't even
[__] sign the first person until week
six and even then it's only like ,000 in
profit so you've made like no money
right this is where people give up and
they they just let the Enterprise
degrade like every they just give up on
the business like screw this I'm not
doing this right and then what so now
you got this client so you're doing the
work for that client and you're still
keeping the you're still doing so week
seven nothing week eight nothing you're
two months in two months in and you're
only up like $1,000 week nine renewal so
now you're only up like 00 then week 10
because the sales Cycles oh wow now it's
starting to stack because the month one
person renewed now and you sign the
second person so now you're a 5,000
right okay let's go another month 9,000
oh [__] you know what let's keep going
week 20 19,4 so your 20we cash flow ends
up being $34,000 so month one your
negative
593 and all of the work you put in month
two you're only up
$1,800 minus all of the work you've
worked for two months and you're only up
$1800
total month three oh wow something's
starting to get up but you're only up
$4,500
total and three months of work now month
four you're like oh wait this is
starting to work I want you to quickly
visualize that and really kind of like
ingraining that into your head four
months later right now month five
18,9 shit's shit's going down here so
now what happens if we take this 500 per
day just turn it into 1,000 what do the
numbers work out oh now month five
instead of being 19,000 is
38,000 you see what I mean like this is
how this works everything has a time
delay lag so now let's let's let's model
this out if you're doing a free work
deliverable right and we're going to
assume the way that you give the free
work is manual cold email manual igdm
manual LinkedIn DMS and manual Twitter
DMS because it's 0 in absolute cost but
the cost you are doing is let's assume
we're going to put 150 here so now let's
say that you're a Content agency or
you're an email AG you're going to do a
free email sequence for someone or or a
free designed email or a free scripted
and edited YouTube video that costs you
money because either you're the one
making the email or or editing the video
or you're paying someone on your team to
do it so there is a cost either in your
time or you're paying for somebody
else's time so let's assume it's a 100
it's $150 for every piece of free work
you do right now let's assume I'll put
this as 30 actually your free work to
meeting rate is 30% so for every let's
do it like this for every three people
you give this free piece of work to 33%
of them book a meeting and then only 30%
of those
people end up booking a call we're going
to put this as 3,000 and we're going to
put this as five right so now let's say
what this would mean is your cost per
call is
$455 so for every
$455 of free deliverable work you exert
do you get a call booked right and then
because your free work meeting rate is
33% and then your close rate in those
calls is 30% that would mean your cost
to acquire customer is500 right and now
you're sting lgp to Cactus 6.93 right
now this is a great marketing strategy
this [__] really if automated cold email
is not working for you and then you do
this this [__] really works because you
can optimize this and you get this down
to like's say 120 if you're selling to
to rich people this would get up to like
this could get up as high as like 40%
this could go up 35% you're at 3,000 and
then because you're only selling to rich
people this goes to like seven so now
lgp 14,000 now you're at a 17.15 and
this is what happens when you're selling
at to rich people and you're only
remember I told you earlier in this
graph on the graph over there you have
to only do it to the qualified lead so
now let's model out this cash flow what
happens so let's assume you're doing the
15 so cash flow week one minus
$450 because you you're paying you're
paying to do all this you're delivering
15 a month so minus 450 minus 450 minus
450 you're a month in and we're assuming
a four-week SES cycle you're a month in
and you're down
$1,500 and
now what most people do is oh I'm down
all this money why am I going to keep
doing this this doesn't work you're in
like week two and you're like I'm just
losing all this money none of these
people are closing I'm going to stop
this right but then finally in week four
you sign some clients
$3,960 oh wow that's great you know week
five week six week seven week eight and
then now you're making money you see
what I mean and then minus minus minus
money minus minus minus money minus
minus minus money and this is what
happens so month one you make $2,600 but
month two you're at 7,000 month three
11,000 month four 15 20 24 you see how
this works and now if you're wondering
how do I scale this system well the
answer is just hiring and building a
process and team around people who
literally their full-time job is just
doing this [__] so let's say we're doing
30 of these a month what happens to the
cash flow then by month six40 n
Grand you see what I mean but that means
you have to stomach going down 900 Week
1 down 900 week 2 down 900 week three
and most people whether they want to
admit it or not they're getting over
here week two it's like day
nine and you're not making any money
you're losing money and they just quit
they say screw this I am not doing this
this is what happens this is how this
works literally everything on the planet
works like this this is how you grow a
company right so if if if if these were
your numbers you'd literally by month
three month four be at 30
camo if if all this was optimized like
if you if you got good churn good
pricing you're closing well
right that's how fast it would take
that's how fast I could do it I could do
it in probably two months because I
would just absolutely turbo rip this at
immediately but most people because
maybe you don't have the funds to like
turbo blast that so like the most people
are going to sit at like 15 and these
are the numbers that they'll experience
you see what I mean this is why people
don't scale fast because they don't keep
these numbers static they don't optimize
this number they're not optimizing this
number they're not optimizing this
number right it's it's it's a
systemwide like every piece is
interconnected with each other and
absolutely every everything needs to be
maximally optimized and strengthened for
the whole system to work you see what I
mean and you have to keep the numbers
constant and you have to keep the flow
constant this can't stop this 15 it
can't stop this 30 it can't stop and you
have to keep going so I need I want I
want you to visualize this real quick
because I'm I'm G to put myself big so
imagine and this works the same so
automated automated qu email call DMS
doing the free work ad spend doesn't
matter what it is imagine you have these
two levers right here you have
spend and then you have Revenue so
what's happening is let's say you're
spending right so so so your spread is
going negative because week one negative
week two negative week three negative
then finally bam you signed someone and
now you're up you're back you're back up
to break even and then negative negative
negative bam now you're up a little bit
positive you're you're up like 1.2x on
your money so like You' barely even
[__] profited at all right so now
spend spend spend spend spend you go a
little a little negative if you're still
spending bam now you're up like 1.3 1.4x
right spend spend spend spend spend
spend spend bam now you're up 1.6x spend
spend spend spend spend spend spend sp
sp bam now you're up
1.9x spend spend spend spend spend spend
spend bam now you're up 2x in this
spread it keeps spreading you know when
you imagine this spread it's days of
spend and you're buying days of spend
this is what's Happ the spread is
getting wider and wider and wider and
wider and wider and wider it just keeps
getting wider wider and that is where
the money is made is in the spread it
just takes time and this is what people
screw up everything they let that spread
they don't let the spread get wide
enough because the spread is where the
profit is all of the spread is in the
profit well all the profit is in the
spread you see what I mean and we can
model this out with YouTube here so
let's say this is this is operating
under an assumption that you're doing
SEO optimized YouTube videos and you're
doing two videos a month so you're only
posting one video every two weeks that
is so and it's like a 20 minute 30 30
minute video just a loom like it costs
you nothing it it cost you nothing to
make it's just your time you see what I
mean now let's assume that because it
starts ranking with SEO the growth
factor is about 20% right so what does
this mean it means that in month one
your first video gets 100 views in month
one your second video gets 120 views but
month but now there's a 20% increase of
the first video in month two a 20%
increase again in month three 20%
increase again month four month 5 month
six month 7even and this model is out
the video just grows steadily but you
keep stacking the amount of videos it
keeps stacking over and over and over
again so now what does this mean it
means that your total amount of views
down here progressively increases at a
faster and faster rate because one
you're adding more videos and the videos
are increasing in
speed their view speed right so by month
five you're at 3,39 5 views that you get
in month 5 and then month 6 it's 5,400
then 8,400 then 13,000 then 20,000 then
29,000 43,000 the 65,000 all the way mon
12 and now what does this
mean because as I told you earlier in
the flowchart we've got our optins we're
getting the emails we're getting we're
getting we're getting the phone numbers
we're following up with people and these
people are booking calls for your offer
so now if you're growing at 20% what
this results in over 12 months 9 1,952
total views you have an optin rate of 2%
so 2% of these people you get their
emails and phone numbers okay so now 3%
of these 3,800 people book a call you've
booked 115 calls you close those people
at 20% so you have 23 total closes your
average monthly Revenue $3,000 your
average gross profit is 20 is 70% Your
Average customer stays for six months so
your lgp per customer is
$12,600 for just
an hour and a half a month that's all
you're doing so what that would mean is
over one year You' acquire a total of
$290,000 of LTG signing an average of
two clients a month your maximum Mr with
this churn percent with this churn
keeping them it would max out at
34,000 that's what would happen now what
would happen if we just increased this
growth factor to 25% what happens look
at these numbers
that goes to 372 now you have 45 closes
now you're B 563,000 your max Mr is
67,000 on two videos a month but now
what you really need to understand is
let's visualize this in month one you
have a total of 225 views in month six
you have 7700 views 7700 divided 225 34
times the amount of views than you did
in month one so this is six months later
this is half a year this is literally
half a year later right that's a long
time but now let's take this even
drastically further what happens in
month 12 you have
89,000
89,000 divided by you have 11 times more
and this also means 11 times more leads
11 times more calls 11 times more closes
11 times more money so what you need to
understand is that what happens in month
12 alone by itself is literally I [__]
you not like a third of like like a
quarter of all of the results you get in
in in the entire
lifetime what happens from month 6 to
month 12 is I [__] you not like 9 97% of
all of your
results literally I'm not even [__]
kidding this is what happens and even if
we go back to these other ones here
these other ones here if I just model
this out to 12 months you would see
absolutely every single result every
single result all of it is concentrated
towards the
back now what does this mean it means
that you are holding these numbers
constant right you're holding you're
holding you're holding your your your
close rate constant you're holding
you're you're you're you're you're
you're you're contacting these people
like you got you got your you got your
you got your followup constant all these
numbers are constant everything here
your positive responses constant call
booking rate constant close rate
constant all of this is staying and you
were maintaining this system and you are
taking care of it this is the big
delusion of everyone they think I'm
going to hire a bunch of people they're
going to run the business for me I'm
going to [__] off and do nothing and and
sit on the beaches in Italy or some [__]
it doesn't work like that it doesn't
like you are in this like you were doing
this and you you you you you are
grinding these numbers out and you you
you're you're tracking the data you need
to track this data you see and this is
the theme like this is what you need to
do to make sure you actually make money
so the the reason why you are not the
reason why you are not growing is
because you're selling to poor people
you're just you're just you're not
tracking your debt you don't even know
what's going on you don't know what your
profit is you don't know where your
close rate is you're not optimizing the
close rate you don't know where response
rate is you you're not optimizing that
you're not optimizing your your response
time you're not optimizing your your
sales scripts you're not optimizing your
your gross profit you're not optimizing
the efficiency of the system and you're
ignoring a bottleneck in one spot that
that results in a degradation to another
variable which also decreases your
profit and everything gets screwed up
because you're not think of this in a
systemwide manner everything has to
piece together and you have to know the
numbers you have to so now if I were to
go back to this last marketing channel
here it's just LinkedIn and Twitter
they're essentially the same thing I'm
not going to go too deep into it but it
kind it kind of follows it like YouTube
professional head shot Banner tagline
feature section your content you have
growth content Authority content
personal stories leg gen giveaways and
then you engage with the people who
interact with that stuff so people
comment at your stuff and then you
respond to their comments and then you
also DM them with outbound right and
then you comment on other people's stuff
and then they start interacting with you
and then you outbound and then and then
you outbound message them and then you
do networking DMS which lead and you
lead these people to dream 100 or the
free deliverable strategy or the direct
offer strategy or risk reduction offer
which leads to sale sales call which
leads to clients the same thing over and
over and over again right and then you
just have all all you have
here all you need to look at to optimize
this system is is the content performing
am I am I doing all the all the sales
activity and the engage and the outbound
and you just you just model out the
numbers of this you make sure it's
actually working right we went over this
financially analyzing your system so now
I'll I'll I'll pitch you my [__] if
you're interested in working with me
directly so what we're gonna do if you
join client Ascension you are going to
know your numbers so if we go up here to
the process we're going to optimize your
offer for cold traffic we're going to
turn that offer into vssl we're going to
design a landing page that accurately
describes and gives a value proposition
for this optimized offer under the vssl
we're going to build you a cold email
system dream 100 system everen YouTube
content system a LinkedIn organic system
and a Twitter organic system you're
going to build out a CRM you're going to
do your email and text systems you're
going to build sales scripts we're going
to do call review with you we're going
to iterate the system so you keep
getting sales call review to make sure
it keep it keeps getting better auditing
all the emails and auditing the CRM
you're going to build a fulfillment
system so you're going to have
onboarding process and Sops you're going
to hire people overseas so you're going
get absolutely screwed on how much they
cost you can get full-time college
educated english- speaking fluent for
like 1,500 to two 2K a month to do a
phenomenal job you're going to give them
kpis you're going to actually manage
them and optimize them and you're just
going to build this whole system out
with us we're going to help you do all
of it right so how does this function
work so you're going to get one-onone
one-on ones monthly with the ca team
tracking your numbers we're not doing
this thing where you are not seeing the
numbers we're tracking the numbers
obviously there's one-on-one with me
there's one-on-one reviews of your offer
so this all of this is oneon-one
your offer is getting approved your vssl
is getting approved your landing page is
getting approved it's all manually
approved your cold email scripts are
getting approved your DM scripts are
getting approved your sales scripts are
getting approved your your sales call
recordings are being being reviewed your
content's being reviewed you're going to
have a one-onone CEO dashboard tracking
with the ca teams we're going to do
we're going to do a monthly call with
you and we're going to track all your
numbers everything's going to be tracked
we're gonna we're g to house this for
you it's going to be a big giant Google
sheet with literally every single metric
that you have all of it all of this
gonna be in track you're never going to
be a non-metric tracking person ever
again it's never going to happen 15
group coaching calls per week with
experts in each field a private slack
Community 300 members course videos I'll
walk you through those course videos
right now actually so here's what it's
going to look like all the stuff got
your offer
section go to Value propositions claims
guarantees evidence demand capture
demand gen offers Market sophistication
offer forms Authority two sales and
Target transfer of financial variability
risk reduction offers slinging deals
pricing submit your offer bonus offer
training vssl and landing pages your
vssl training exactly how to script out
a vssl you're going to follow this to an
absolute T Landing Pages exactly how to
do the landing pages and then we have
templates for you to just import into
whatever you're using C
emen right so we got coldo setup right
here this how you actually set up the
tech behind it we have leads list and
data
scraping and then we have codo script
writing right then deliverability
training inbox management how to
actually turn the responses into into
replies and how to systematize that and
then campaign management and then we got
Sal sales we're going to do over here
sales 101 sales psychology CRM
setups we have content so dream 100 you
got sales assets and then Twitter how to
do Twitter how to get leads from Twitter
YouTube how to do how to do all this
YouTube stuff LinkedIn how actually get
results with LinkedIn then we got cold
calling paid
ads meton funnels client fulfillment
onboarding new clients hiring and
managing team members so this is how you
build onboarding systems this is how you
hire and manage
people is here's how you build
automations you get business Finance and
Accounting how to actually track the
track the Stu we have
mindset bunch of mindset videos then we
got the Mastermind events so these are
these these are some some high-end stuff
and like like like inperson trainings
that we do with some some higher level
people and you're going to access all
that you're going to get access to the
slack and this is how this works so
what's going to happen as a
recap you're going to stop selling to
poor people you're going to make an
offer that rich people buy you're going
to optimize this offer and the
positioning of everything so rich people
get to it you're going to reject the
poor people you're going to charge more
money and you're going to systemwide
optimize all of this this is how this
works right it's four figures to be in
here you have to go through an
application we're not going to take
anyone you have to be an active business
owner you have to actually know yeah you
can't you can't be new if you go under
this video there should be a button or a
link you click that it's going to ask
some questions and you're you're going
to book a call with someone on my team
we're going to walk through exactly what
you're doing in your business we're
going to let you know what exactly that
needs to be built and then if we think
it's going to be a good fit we'll give
you an offer to join client sension then
you can work with me directly my team
directly I hope you got some value from
this if you did you can reach out to me
um that would be awesome my ego a little
bit but I love you I hope to see you
inside client Ascension so we can do
some good work together and you you can
start making significantly more money
all right that's it for me peace out
love you